Now there's one last change I want to make here.
You can think of our createStore function as library code, right?
So, this is part of
our state management library that we're
writing so what I'm going to do is just copy that.
This is library code and then I will just paste it right here.
And you can think of our reducer function as app code.
So this is code that the user might write to
decide how the state should change based off of the action.
But all of this inside of our createStore function is
really something more closer to a library that you would download from MPM.
So, it doesn't make sense for
this line to work because what's happening is we are assuming that todos,
is going to be accessible inside of createStore because it lives in the same scope.
Currently that the todos function is.
And right now that assumption is correct because everything is just one in file.
But again, if this is,
think of it as library code,
think of it as code that you would download from MPM,
it doesn't make sense for us to have access todos inside of it.
So what we can do is when you invoke createStore,
we want the user to be able to pass in
the specific reducer function that's going to decide how
the state should change based on the specific action that occurred.
Meaning, we want them to be able to do something like this.
So when they createStore,
they pass in these specific todos reducer function,
and then now instead of using todos inside of createStore,
createStore would receive a reducer function,
and then now that reducer function will be invoked rather
than just relying on todos being in the exact same scope.
So, I'm going to delete this.
And now that we have our reducer function,
as well as getState, subscribe,
and dispatch, in the next video,
we're actually going to see what all of this looks like in action.